[APM] Add Dockerfile documentation for Go autoinstrumentation (#34053)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/go_compile_time/dockerfile.md

---
title: Building your Go application with Orchestrion
further_reading:
- link: "/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/go/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Tracing Go Applications"
- link: "https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/go/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Configuring the Go Tracing Library"
- link: "/tracing/troubleshooting/go_compile_time/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Troubleshooting Go Compile-Time Instrumentation"
---

This guide provides a step-by-step approach to building a Dockerfile for Go applications instrumented with Application Performance Monitoring (APM) using [Orchestrion][1]. The goal is to create a production-ready container image that includes compile-time instrumentation for distributed tracing.

This guide focuses on APM instrumentation only. If you need Application Security Management (ASM) features, refer to the [App and API Protection Dockerfile guide][2].

## Prerequisites

Before you begin:
- Your application must use [Go modules][3] for dependency management
- You should have already run `orchestrion pin` in your project to register Orchestrion in your `go.mod` file

> - For configuration options beyond what's shown here, refer to the [Library Configuration documentation][4]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For configuration options beyond what's shown here, see the [Library Configuration documentation][4]
```
